> > > > bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found ad
bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found ad
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found ad
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dsa
bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found ad
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dsa
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found ad
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dsa
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found sad
bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found ad
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dsa
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found sad
bash: command not found stop2
bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found ad
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dsa
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found sad
bash: command not found stop2
bash: command not found stop3
bash: command not found carlito
bash: command not found ad
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dsa
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found sad
bash: command not found stop2
bash: command not found stop3
