> > > > bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fwe
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fwe
bash: command not found f
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fwe
bash: command not found f
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fwe
bash: command not found f
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dw
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fwe
bash: command not found f
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dw
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fwe
bash: command not found f
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dw
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found dwasd
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fwe
bash: command not found f
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dw
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found dwasd
bash: command not found stop2
echo
out
bash: command not found fe
bash: command not found wf
bash: command not found fwe
bash: command not found f
bash: command not found stop
bash: command not found dw
bash: command not found stop1
bash: command not found dwasd
bash: command not found stop2
