> bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found HELLO
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found HELLO
bash: command not found 42
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found HELLO
bash: command not found 42
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found HELLO
bash: command not found 42
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found testing
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found HELLO
bash: command not found 42
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found testing
bash: command not found limm
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found HELLO
bash: command not found 42
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found testing
bash: command not found limm
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found HELLO
bash: command not found 42
bash: command not found lim
bash: command not found testing
bash: command not found limm
bash: command not found lim
